Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#82)
rootstrap/exception_hunter: CONTRIBUTING.md

8. Run the code analysis tool by doing:
`$ rake code_analysis`
9. Run the tests:
`$ bundle exec rspec`
All tests must pass. If all tests (both code analysis and rspec) do pass, then you are ready to go to the next step:
10. Commit your changes:
`$ git commit -m 'Your feature or bugfix title'`
11. Push to the branch `$ git push origin your_new_feature`
12. Create a new [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)

Some helpful guides that will help you know how we work:
1. [Code review](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides/tree/master/code-review)
2. [GIT workflow](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides/tree/master/git)
3. [Ruby style guide](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides/tree/master/ruby)
4. [Rails style guide](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides/blob/master/ruby/rails.md)
5. [RSpec style guide](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides/blob/master/ruby/rspec/README.md)

For more information or guides like the ones mentioned above, please check our [tech guides](https://github.com/rootstrap/tech-guides). Keep in mind that the more you know about these guides, the easier it will be for your code to get approved and merged.

> Note: We work with one commit per pull request, so if you make your commit and realize you were missing something or want to add something more to it, don't create a new commit with the changes, but use `$ git commit --amend` instead. This same principle also applies for when changes are requested on an open pull request.

Reviewer: I don't really agree with this. I prefer people not force pushing but rather doing meaningful commits

```suggestion
Note: You can push as many commits as you want when working on a pull request, we just ask that they are descriptive and tell a story. Do try to open a pull request with just one but if you think you need to divide what you did into more commits to convey what you are trying to do go for it.
```
